                      ** sc68 project - NEWS **


3.0.0b  <ben>

        This is an beta version. Almost everything is as intended
        specially the new API should be about stable.

	unice68 library and program now support !ICE compression !

	sndh support should be almost perfect. Also as many sndh files
	still don't have a duration and for other internal reasons,
	sc68 has a built-in database of all sndh files known to this
	day including information on track duration and hardware used
	like ste and or mfp timers.

	aSIDifier is a special player that can be add to the top of
	any music that do not use timers effect to automatically add
	SID voices. Some musics sound awsome with it. You have to give
	it a try.

	Finally cdbg68 has been deprecated too. It's been replaced by
	the possibility to use a remote m68k-gdb to connect mksc68 via
	tcp.

	Many plugins has been written: vlc, winamp, audacious,
	gstreamer, foobar2000 ... Some might not be complete. The main
	focus being vlc as it is widely spread on so many platforms.

	The windows installer is back. As always using Nullsoft
	Scriptable Installer system (NSIS). The installer can install
	plugins and command line programs. The later exist for both
	32-bit and 64-bit Windows architecture whereas plugins are
	32-bit only just because their programs are 32-bit. All
	windows plugins are independent: no dll, no replay files
	(built-in). Also the config is saved in the registry,
	separatly for each application using the sc68 library.


3.0.0a  <ben>

        This is an alpha version. Things might change before the
        official release.

        This is the first version of sc68 new generation. This is
        a fresh version of this NEWS file.

        There has been changes in API without backward compatibility
        but portage should be easy.

        The new BLEP YM-2149 engine is used by default. It has a
        better sound rendering. Old (pulse) engine has been improved
        too and enhanced by a set of user selectable filters.

        Add projects for various back-end specially for gstreamer
        which should allow sc68 files to be played with most modern
        Linux players.

        New tools for creating (mksc68) and debugging (cdbg68) sc68
        files replacing the good old debug68.
